# Board Pictures
Avantus Board – This is a board that will eventually be used on a 1U cubesat mission. I was given a board that was designed to test supercapacitors on orbit but it was running into a lot of problems and was poorly designed. I made this board to test the concept with off the shelf components to make sure it would work. There are three separate supercapacitors that can be independently hooked up to the solar cells or discharged through a resistor. This is all controlled through a 16x2 multiplexer that can select which control lines to connect. In addition, the voltages of the capacitors and solar cells could be read using an ADC i2c output. The ADC could read all of these voltages by selecting a single output at a time with the multiplexer. 

SAME70 Board – This board was for my own personal learning as I wanted to learn a bit more about board design involving microcontrollers. I wanted to make a module that could be plugged into daughterboards to act as the brains of the board while providing access to all of the signals as well as some simple debugging outputs on the main board itself. I also wanted to practice assembling boards at this size. This picture shows the board in an incomplete state. I made the board layout following recommendations in the datasheet for the SAME70 and was eventually able to use the board to blink a simple LED. The board was programmed using Atmel studio and flashed with an Atmel ICE. 

STM Board – The safe-to-mate board was a simple board I made for the Lunar Flashlight integration campaign. For integrating the propulsion module into the Lunar Flashlight, we first had to do a safe-to-mate to make sure that resistances and voltages were correct at various pins. This board allows the user to probe any signal of two 25 pin D-Sub connectors. The signals are broken out into standard banana jack plugs and also have jumpers in the middle to isolate and connect signals as needed. This board proved useful during testing as it was discovered that a TX and RX line were switched. The board was used to swap these two cables, allowing testing to proceed without having to wait for a tech to come out and physically swap the cabling. 

UWB Module – This board is a breakout board for an ultra wide-band (UWB) DWM1001C positioning module that was used for my senior design project. These tags can provide cm level accuracy and were going to be used on my Diabot project to provide real time tracking using base stations around the robot with these modules. This board allowed us to do testing with the modules provided by Qorvo at a time when dev boards were unavailable.
